Updating docs to list versions in changelogs (#52)
DataDog/datadog-cloudformation-resources: README.md

        --schema-handler-package "<LINK_TO_S3>"
    ```

2. View the version of the newly registered resource by running the following in your terminal:

    ```shell
    aws cloudformation list-type-versions \
    --region "<REGION>" \
    --type RESOURCE \
    --type-name "<DATADOG_RESOURCE_NAME>"
    ```

3. Set this newly registered version as the `default` by running the following in your terminal:

    ```shell
    aws cloudformation set-type-default-version \
        --region "<REGION>" \
        --type RESOURCE \
        --version-id <VERSION> \
        --type-name "<DATADOG_RESOURCE_NAME>" \
    ```

>     With the following placeholders:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    With the following required placeholders:
```

    * `<REGION>`: Your AWS region.

>     * `<DATADOG_RESOURCE_NAME>`: The name of the resource to register, refer to the table below to see the supported resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * `<DATADOG_RESOURCE_NAME>`: The name of the resource to register, refer to the [table below](#resources-available) to see the Datadog supported resources.
```

    * `<LINK_TO_S3>`: S3 link to the resource.
      * S3 link: `s3://datadog-cloudformation-resources/<RESOURCE_NAME>/<RESOURCE_NAME>-<VERSION>.zip`

>       * See the `Resources available` section for example links.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * See the [Changelog][15] for examples of the latest supported S3 links.
```

Author: Actually, what do we think about also linking to the table here and referencing the `Resource Link`. That way its only 1 click instead of 2 (navigating to root changelog -> individual changelog)

Reviewer: updated my suggestion

>       * S3 link: `s3://datadog-cloudformation-resources/<RESOURCE_NAME>/<RESOURCE_NAME>-<RESOURCE_VERSION>.zip`

Reviewer 2: Actually, it is the resource folder, as in what's in the folder column in the table below
```suggestion
      * S3 link: `s3://datadog-cloudformation-resources/<RESOURCE_FOLDER>/<RESOURCE_FOLDER>-<RESOURCE_VERSION>.zip`
```

Author: I had missed that it was called that below 🤦‍♂

>     * `VERSION`: The underlying version of the resource as returned by the command in step `2`.

Reviewer 2: I would rename the `VERSION` in the s3 link to `RESOURCE_VERSION` and the `VERSION` the `set-type-default-version` as `VERSION_ID` to avoid any confusion

Author: Good call! I think that'll help avoid confusion. Just pushed that change.

4. In your AWS account, [create your AWS stack][3] that includes any of the registered Datadog resources.

> More information about the available commands and workflows can be found at the official [AWS documentation][14].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about the available commands and workflows, see the the official [AWS documentation][14].
```

[11]: s3://datadog-cloudformation-resources/datadog-iam-user/datadog-iam-user-1.0.1.zip
[12]: https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-java
[13]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/help/

> [14]: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/registry.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[14]: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/registry.html
[15]: https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-cloudformation-resources/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md
```
